README.md, before:

# cbb-retreat

Two hour mini-lesson based on Reproducible Science Curriculum material,
presented at the CBB Retreat in Wrightsville Beach on Sep 26, 2015.

## Further resources

These are also in the last slide of the presentation. If you have others,
we welcome pull requests.

* Entire [suppl. doc](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/suppl/2015/04/29/348.6234.567.DC1/Finnegan.SM.pdf) generated from Rmarkdown: Finnegan et al. 2015. “[Paleontological Baselines for Evaluating Extinction Risk in the Modern Oceans](http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aaa6635).” Science 348 (6234): 567–70.
* [Data Analysis for the Life Sciences](http://simplystatistics.org/?p=4311) - a book completely written in R markdown
* FitzJohn et al. 2014. “[How Much of the World Is Woody?](http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1365-2745.12260)” The Journal of Ecology. doi:10.1111/1365-2745.12260. [Start to end replicable analysis on Github](https://github.com/richfitz/wood).
* Boettiger et al. “[RNeXML: A Package for Reading and Writing Richly Annotated Phylogenetic, Character, and Trait Data in R](http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12469).” Methods in Ecology and Evolution, September. [Code archive and DOI assignment at Zenodo](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13131)

Related reading:
* Ram, Karthik. 2013. “[Git Can Facilitate Greater Reproducibility and Increased Transparency in Science](http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1751-0473-8-7).” Source Code for Biology and Medicine 8 (1): 7.
* Sandve et al. 2013. “[Ten Simple Rules for Reproducible Computational Research](http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1003285).” PLoS Computational Biology 9 (10). Public Library of Science: e1003285.
* Boettiger, Carl. 2015. “[An Introduction to Docker for Reproducible Research](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2723872.2723882).” ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 49 (1). ACM: 71–79.

Commit message:

update repo with useR info

README.md, after:

# useR!2017 tutorial: Data Carpentry -- Open and Reproducible Science with R

Three hour mini-lesson based on Reproducible Science Curriculum material. This
presentation is a modification of
a [2-hour lesson](http://reproducible-science-curriculum.github.io/cbb-retreat/)
put together by Hilmar Lapp presented at the CBB Retreat in Wrightsville Beach
on Sep 26, 2015.

## Further resources

These are also in the last slide of the presentation. If you have others,
we welcome pull requests.

* Entire [suppl. doc](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/suppl/2015/04/29/348.6234.567.DC1/Finnegan.SM.pdf) generated from Rmarkdown: Finnegan et al. 2015. “[Paleontological Baselines for Evaluating Extinction Risk in the Modern Oceans](http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aaa6635).” Science 348 (6234): 567–70.
* [Data Analysis for the Life Sciences](http://simplystatistics.org/?p=4311) - a book completely written in R markdown
* FitzJohn et al. 2014. “[How Much of the World Is Woody?](http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1365-2745.12260)” The Journal of Ecology. doi:10.1111/1365-2745.12260. [Start to end replicable analysis on Github](https://github.com/richfitz/wood).
* Boettiger et al. “[RNeXML: A Package for Reading and Writing Richly Annotated Phylogenetic, Character, and Trait Data in R](http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12469).” Methods in Ecology and Evolution, September. [Code archive and DOI assignment at Zenodo](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13131)

Related reading:
* Ram, Karthik. 2013. “[Git Can Facilitate Greater Reproducibility and Increased Transparency in Science](http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1751-0473-8-7).” Source Code for Biology and Medicine 8 (1): 7.
* Sandve et al. 2013. “[Ten Simple Rules for Reproducible Computational Research](http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1003285).” PLoS Computational Biology 9 (10). Public Library of Science: e1003285.
* Boettiger, Carl. 2015. “[An Introduction to Docker for Reproducible Research](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2723872.2723882).” ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 49 (1). ACM: 71–79.
